README.md, before:

# Welcome to my first webpage! 
This project will be a website about fitness and healthy habits. 

## Content 
Favicon structure and content is inspired from the love running project and follows a similar syntax. 

- Pictures have been taken from unsplash.com - (link here) <https://unsplash.com/s/photos/fitness>
- Footer content inspired and based on the love running project, with the social media links. But also by myself with inspiration from what i learned in the modules.
- Font awesome kit used (link) <<https://kit.fontawesome.com/3b20d96fa9.js,> <https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/font-awesome/6.0.0/css/all.min.css>
- I got information about using multiple stylesheets from Stack-overflow while scouting for information. (Link here) <https://stackoverflow.com/questions/4284499/use-multiple-css-stylesheets-in-the-same-html-page>

## Added a new css styleheet for the navbar
- Reason for this is to make it as clean as possible, and not having any file overrun with information. 
- revised 
- The stylesheet was deleted, because it hindered the navbar from being functional. It did not communicate well with the project, i took the decision to only work with one style.css file.


## Added Hero Image 

- Hero image added, link here https://unsplash.com/photos/topless-man-in-black-shorts-sitting-on-black-and-silver-barbell-9dzWZQWZMdE
- Styled with inline css at first for simplicity, this move was inspired after watching the module, since i wanted this to target the hero content specifically without removing any css from style.css regarding the heading content.
- This might change during the build and be moved over to the style.css file.
- Tried adding the Hero image CSS to style.css file instead of inline css, this did not work as i wanted, so i decided to stick with inline css for this part. I did not want to over complicate anything.

## Style
-Font family used: Josefin Sans link here <https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Josefin+Sans>
- Navbar is now working, its responsive and looks clean. Code is still messy but that will be cleaned in a later stage. 
- Inspiration was taken from the css and html module from codeinstitute, aswell as the love running project where the burger icon was used. 

# Template

- Template used in this project is the one from codeinstitute (link here) <https://github.com/Code-Institute-Org/ci-full-template>

# Technology
- This project was written in HTML & CSS using Codeanywhere and is currently hosted on GitHub pages.

Commit message:

Added text about changes to the navbar, making the background img stick with different screen sizes

README.md, after:

# Welcome to my first webpage! 
This project will be a website about fitness and healthy habits. 

## Content 
Favicon structure and content is inspired from the love running project and follows a similar syntax. 

- Pictures have been taken from unsplash.com - (link here) <https://unsplash.com/s/photos/fitness>
- Footer content inspired and based on the love running project, with the social media links. But also by myself with inspiration from what i learned in the modules.
- Font awesome kit used (link) <<https://kit.fontawesome.com/3b20d96fa9.js,> <https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/font-awesome/6.0.0/css/all.min.css>
- I got information about using multiple stylesheets from Stack-overflow while scouting for information. (Link here) <https://stackoverflow.com/questions/4284499/use-multiple-css-stylesheets-in-the-same-html-page>
- Got information about how to make a background img follow the page size through https://www.webfx.com/blog/web-design/circular-images-css/ 

## Added a new css styleheet for the navbar
- Reason for this is to make it as clean as possible, and not having any file overrun with information. 
- revised 
- The stylesheet was deleted, because it hindered the navbar from being functional. It did not communicate well with the project, i took the decision to only work with one style.css file.
- Changed idea due to problems with the burger icon, the project will have an interactive nav menu without the burger icon due to the lack of time.

## Added Hero Image 

- Hero image added, link here https://unsplash.com/photos/topless-man-in-black-shorts-sitting-on-black-and-silver-barbell-9dzWZQWZMdE
- Styled with inline css at first for simplicity, this move was inspired after watching the module, since i wanted this to target the hero content specifically without removing any css from style.css regarding the heading content.
- This might change during the build and be moved over to the style.css file.
- Tried adding the Hero image CSS to style.css file instead of inline css, this did not work as i wanted, so i decided to stick with inline css for this part. I did not want to over complicate anything.

## Style
-Font family used: Josefin Sans link here <https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Josefin+Sans>
- Navbar is now working, its responsive and looks clean. Code is still messy but that will be cleaned in a later stage. 
- Inspiration was taken from the css and html module from codeinstitute, aswell as the love running project where the burger icon was used. 

# Template

- Template used in this project is the one from codeinstitute (link here) <https://github.com/Code-Institute-Org/ci-full-template>

# Technology
- This project was written in HTML & CSS using Codeanywhere and is currently hosted on GitHub pages.
